assalamualaikum guys Welcome to the Real
Kitchen home to delicious food made
simple in today's recipe I'm going to
show you guys how to make this delicious
rice it only takes about 30 minutes it's
super easy and I'll be serving this rice
with my delicious airfryer chicken if
you haven't seen the recipe make sure
you check out that recipe it only takes
20 minutes and without further Ado let's
go ahead and start our delicious recipe
as usual you'll find the full recipe in
the description box below so make sure
to check that out and now let's go ahead
and start washing our rice wash the rice
couple of times until the water is nice
and clear heat a pan add a little bit of
oil we're going to add in our chopped
onion some fresh coriander some garlic
minced garlic and then we're going to
cook this for few seconds after that
we're going to start adding our
seasoning I'm going to add in some
vegetable seasoning this makes your rice
super delicious so go ahead don't skip
we've also added some cumin powder a
little bit of turmeric powder some
coriander powder we're going to add in
some paprika
and yes a lot of seasoning that's what
we need in our food make sure to mix
this I also like to add a little bit of
hot water whilst cooking the seasoning
with the onions this is just to really
reduce the oil because you don't want to
add too much oil and you can see I
forgot to add the black pepper and I
decided to add that last minute so we're
going to add cook everything like this
for about five minutes or so and then
after that we're going to add in our
rice once you add in the rice you want
to make sure you mix everything well and
continue cooking this on a high heat at
the moment and then once you've mixed
and everything is mixed really really
well you're going to add in some hot
water you will find exactly the rice and
water ratio in the description box below
so don't forget to check that out take a
photo screenshot so you can keep it with
you once you add the hot water you want
to keep the heat still very high cover
the rice and cook the rice for 10
minutes after 10 minutes this is how
your rice is going to look like now I'm
going going to mix this again just to
make sure everything is again mixed well
and this this is the only mix I will be
doing and then after this we're going to
cover our rice but also before we cover
we're going to use aluminum foil this is
where you want to steam your rice so do
this and then reduce the heat to the
lowest and you're going to forget about
the rice for at least 20 minutes and you
will find your rice delicious and ready
you can see how it looks
this is my simple Somali rice I hope you
guys have enjoyed this recipe I've got
so many messages of can you show us a
simple Somali rice I hope you guys enjoy
I'm serving my rice with my air fried
chicken you can also find a recipe I'll
link it down in the description box if
you have any questions don't forget to
let me know and don't forget to
subscribe like and until next time
assalamualaikum